add weak hashing algorithm entry (#31)
Ostorlab/KB: MOBILE_CLIENT/COMMON/_MEDIUM/WEAK_HASHING_ALGO/descreption.md

> A hash function is a function that is used to encode data and return a -fixed size- hash value with the purpose of minimizing the chance of colision (two inputs should never have the same hash value), these functions could be used for **fast data retrieval**, **data validation** and to **preform cryptography**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hash function is a function that is used to encode data and return a -fixed size- hash value with the purpose of minimizing the chance of colision (two inputs should never have the same hash value), these functions could be used for verifying the integrity of a message or files, identifying a file or data or checking a secret or password.
```

Common hashing algorithms:

> * `MD5`: message digest algorithm (MD5) was designed in 1991 as a replacement for MD4, on March 2005
>     two diffrent files with the same MD5 hash was presented, and a year later an algorithm that can find collisions within a minute was published.
>     When it comes to hashing algorithms finding two distinct inputs with the same hash should be computationally infeasible, MD5 fails this requirement catastrophically, in 2008 the software engineering institute (an American federaly funded research centre) concluded that MD5 was essentially "cryptographically broken and unsuitable for further use".
> * `SHA-1`: Secure Hash Algorithm 1 (SHA-1) was designed by the NSA. Like MD5, SHA-1 is vulnerable to collision attacks.
>     By 2005 SHA-1 was considered insecure, in 2011 the National institute of standards and technology (NIST) formally deprecated it.
> * `SHA-2`: is a set of hashing algorithms that was also designed by the NSA, Sha-2 is significantly diffrent from Sha-1 and is considered highly secure.
> * `SHA-3`: SHA-3 is the latest member of the Secure Hash Algorithm family of standards, released by NIST in 2015. Although part of the same series of standards, SHA-3 is internally different from the MD5-like structure of SHA-1 and SHA-2, and is also considered highly secure.
> * `HMAC`: Hash-based message authentication code is not a hashing algorithm but rather a cryptographic authentication technique that uses a hashing algorithm coupled with a secret key, the strength of HMAC depends on the underlying hash algorithm, and therefor should not be used with depricated and weak hash algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `MD5`: message digest algorithm (MD5) was designed in 1991 as a replacement for MD4. On March 2005
    two different files with the same MD5 hash were presented, and a year later an algorithm that can find collisions within a minute was published.
    When it comes to hashing algorithms finding two distinct inputs with the same hash should be computationally infeasible, MD5 fails this requirement catastrophically, in 2008 the software engineering institute concluded that MD5 is "cryptographically broken and unsuitable for further use".
* `SHA1`: Secure Hash Algorithm 1 (SHA1) was designed by the NSA. Like MD5, SHA1 is vulnerable to collision attacks. By 2005 SHA1 was considered insecure, in 2011 the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) formally deprecated it.
* `SHA2`: is a set of hashing algorithms that was also designed by the NSA, SHA-2 is significantly different from SHA1 and is considered highly secure.
* `SHA3`: SHA3 is the latest member of the Secure Hash Algorithm family of standards, released by NIST in 2015. Although part of the same series of standards, SHA3 is internally different from the MD5-like structure of SHA1 and SHA2, and is also considered highly secure.
* `HMAC`: Hash-based message authentication code is not a hashing algorithm but rather a cryptographic authentication technique that uses a hashing algorithm coupled with a secret key, the strength of HMAC depends on the underlying hash algorithm, and therefore should not be used with deprecated and weak hash algorithms.
```

Reviewer: Careful, many typos.
